# Food Exchange Simulation

## Basic Requirements
1) There are entities with tasks that produce food of specific types and/or require food of specific types.
2) Food can be exchanged between neighbouring entities, but it takes time for it to arrive. Food spoils after a while.
3) Entities have hunger meters and can die. Entities have stock limits.

## Protocols

### Request Food

1) Node in need queries all neighbours, indicating a food item, an amount and an importance.
2) Neighbours reply
   1) REJECT if they don't have the necessary resources
   2) ACCEPT + counter-proposal + utility value, if they are able to temporarily reserve the needed resources. These resources can only be used again if the operation terminates and they were not consumed.
3) Node in need completes the one-shot auction based on the utility values
4) Node in need notifies all neighbours who reserved items

> *Note:* If the amount is set to 0, no reservation happens, but the receiving nodes may update the importance of that food item for that neighbour.

### Offer Food

1) The node with food reserves the food it wants to give away and notifies all neighbours.
2) All neighbours may.
   1) REJECT
   2) ACCEPT, indicating their counter-proposal + level of need, and reserving space for the food.
3) The node with the most need gets the food. 

### Direct Exchange

1) The initiator reserves the food (and space, if needed) and sends a message to a specific target.
2) The target may:
   1) REJECT, performing a counter-proposal
   2) ACCEPT, concluding the exchange.
3) The initiator concludes the exchange on its side.

### Propagate Information

- Agents periodically send individual messages containing information about nodes they know about, so that they can improve their exchanges.
- Each agent tags each agent's information with a timestamp generated by that agent (so that clock de-sync won't affect results in a real system), and information with a lower timestamp is rejected.

## Features

[X] Task food requirements and production model
[X] Food spoiling
[] Task scheduling
[] Communication scheduling
[X] Food offers
[X] Food requests
[X] Food trades
[] Information exchange
[X] Food transmission delay
[] Hunger meters
[] Death
[X] Stock limits
